									USER-MANUAL
	
							
									Getting Started
- 		The first thing you must do before going any further into this guide is to access the 
	website by typing "http://74.136.197.45:8080/registration/home.php" into the address bar.
	
							
									Creating Account
-		To create an account, you must click on the "Create New Account" link that is located
	at the top-right of the page.
-		Next, you will be redirected to a registration page. Here you must input your username
	(Note: this is what you will be known as on this website.), your password (Note: this
	is what you will use to sign into your account whenever you log off). For the confirm
	password section, you must input your password that you entered above again in order to
	verify that there has been no errors in the received password. Lastly, you must register
	your account with an email by using any email source (Note: these sources include gmail,
	hotmail, yahoo, etc.).
-		After you have filled out all of these fields, you may click the "Register" button 
	and you will be redirected to a page telling you your account has been created, or
	that there has been an error in creating your account. If there is an error, please 
	try to reregister and make sure there are no differences between the inputs for the
	"Password" and "Confirm Password" sections.
								
									Logging In
-		After you have created an account, you will automatically be logged in, in order to
	logout, proceed to the "http://74.136.197.45:8080/registration/home.php" page, once here, you will see
	in the top-left corner a link with the text "Log Out" on it, click this button and you 
	will log out of your account.
-		In order to log in again, go back to "http://74.136.197.45:8080/registration/home.php", here, if you 
	do not see the logout button in the previous step, you will see a "Login" button located
	on the top-right of the page, click this button.
-		After you have clicked the "Login" button, you will be redirected to the login page.
	At the login page, input the username you signed up with, in the "Creating Account"
	segment located above, into the "Username" field. in the "Password" field, input the
	password that you signed up with the the "Creating Account" segment above.
-		After these field are filled out, you will be redirected to a login success page, or 
	a login failed page, if the login failed, please reinput your information and make sure
	that there are no spelling mistakes.
	
									Browsing Polls
-		Before you can browse polls, verify you are logged in by completing the "Logging In" 
	section above.
-		once you are logged in, navigate to the "http://74.136.197.45:8080/registration/home.php" page.
-		Once you are on this page, on the top-right of the screen, there will be a link with
	the text "Browse Polls", click this link.
-		Once you have clicked this link, you will be redirected to the Browse Polls page.
	On this page, there will be a link of polls on the left side of the screen, click any
	poll that you would like to browse, or if you would like to return to the home screen
	click "Home".
	
									Voting
-		Once you have completed the "Browsing Polls" section above, you will be on the
	page of the poll you wish to vote for.
-		Underneath the two images in the center of your screen once you load up a poll,
	there will be two buttons, each with a varying name related to the two options being
	voted on, click on one of these options in order to place your vote. (Note: a user may
	only vote once per poll.)
	
									Commenting
-		Once you have completed the "Browsing Polls" section above, you will be on the
	page of the poll you wish to comment on.
-		Scroll down past the two images and you will see a large white rectangle, you are
	allowed to input text inside this box in order to post a comment to the page you are
	currently on.(Note: you must be logged in to do so.)
-		Underneath the white rectangle, there will be a "Comments:" section, here you are
	able to see any comment that has been posted for the poll you are currently on.
	
									Creating Polls

-		Before you can create polls, verify you are logged in by completing the "Logging In" 
	section above.
-		once you are logged in, navigate to the "http://74.136.197.45:8080/registration/home.php" page.
-		Once you are on this page, on the top-right of the screen, there will be a link with
	the text "Create Poll", click this link.
-		Once you have clicked this link, you will be redirected to the Create Poll page.
	Once on this page, you will need to input the name of your poll under the "Poll Title"
	section. In the field for "Option 1", you will need to input the first section to be voted
	on I.E. Blue or Red. Option 1 = Blue. In the field for "Option 2", you will need to put
	the second option to be voted on. I.E. Blue or Red. Option 2 = Red.
	Lastly, there is a button named "Choose File" beside "Image 1" and "Image 2", you are
	reqyured to choose an image of the items being voted on for the poll. "Image 1" is an
	image of "Option 1" and "Image 2" is an image for "Option 2".
-		Once you have filled in all of the fields, click the "Create Poll" below the text
	field and your poll is created. For how to use the poll page, view "Browsing Polls",
	"Voting" and "Commenting" sections above.